- [Narrator] To automate deployments
to our Kubernetes cluster, we're going to use Argo CD.
It's a continuous deployment tool built for Kubernetes
that uses a GitOps approach.
To perform deployments,
Argo CD places a controller inside the cluster.
The controller continuously monitors
a set of Kubernetes manifests
stored inside of a Git repository.
So, in a manifest, inside of Git,
we might identify a container image
that contains our microservice
inside the specification for a pod.
The controller reads that information
and then communicates any new resources
that need to be created inside the cluster
to the control plane.
The control plane sends those instructions
to the nodes in the cluster so they can apply the resources.
This causes any images specified in the resources
to be pulled from the registry
and spun up as containers on the worker nodes.
In a nutshell, that's how Argo CD can automate
the deployment of our containerized applications
to Kubernetes.
Within our lab environment, we have two Kubernetes clusters
running with Argo CD installed.
One for staging and one for production.
We'll configure Argo CD to monitor the deploy repository
that was created earlier in the course
when we established our GitHub organization.
During the setup for Argo CD,
we'll configure it to monitor specific Git branches
and the respect of customize overlay for each cluster.
The staging cluster will monitor the main branch
and the production cluster
will monitor a branch named release.
When we build a new container image, our deployment pipeline
is configured to update the base customization
in the main branch with the new container version.
This will cause Argo CD to deploy it to the staging cluster.
To deploy and promote new container images to production,
we'll then merge the main branch into the release branch.
We can manually perform this merge using a poll request
or the pipeline can do the merge for us
and automate the production deployment.
Either way, Argo CD will detect the changes
and release them to the production cluster.
As you've probably noticed,
running microservices within containers
introduces quite a bit of complexity
into our continuous delivery process.
There certainly a lot of work upfront,
but once you've established your pipeline,
it significantly increases the velocity
at which you can deliver changes
to your modern Java applications.